Big picture questions when you're
considering picking a library or
framework, like what's
the lifespan of your project?
Is this gonna have to live forever,
are you gonna need something
really robust in years to come?
Or is this a smaller experiment where
maybe you can live on the bleeding edge
a little bit more?
Yeah, what's the lifespan, what's
the roadmap for the library that we're
evaluating, what's their funding model,
were they just acquired?
Gatsby was just acquired by Netlify and
nobody knows what's gonna happen with it,
maybe not the best choice right now.
Sorry, sorry, people, still love you.
But think about that, what's the state of
it, has it been around for a while but
it's kind of dying?
Do an honest assessment of that, cuz there
are some risks associated with picking
a library that's on its way out,
and that is hard to predict.
I mean people have been thinking React's
gonna go down and it's still super solid,
it's partly cuz I think a lot of
us love it, but some people don't.
So these are all pretty
subjective questions.
But in terms of business we
have to think about longevity,
what our goals are, what are the risks.
Who's maintaining this library, what's the
state of their issue tracker code base?
Can you do a partnership,
you're a big enterprise,
can you pay those open source
people to fast track your issues?
I've seen that kinda thing happen,
partnerships,
there's stuff like that with axe-core, so
you can fast track getting your issues.
Microsoft, and axe-core, and
Deque, they work together,
that's how Accessibility Insights
came about.
So these are all things, as a tech lead or
in leadership we should be thinking
about these kinds of questions.
And then look for
accessibility APIs within the framework
to help make your decision.
React has refs, there's use ID,
all the testing libraries and things.
Vue has template refs, Ember has
somewhat of an accessibility culture.
Angular, I think you're kinda
more on your own, unfortunately.